hey guys what's up there's something
wrong with my camera whenever I'm
recording I'm hearing like electrical
static noises so I'm not sure if my sony
a6000 is busted but up I don't know so
I'm using my iPhone so do apologize if
there is any lack of video quality so
anyway so I got a battery pack from
Amazon no this is not sponsored I had to
pay for it but it's just quite okay and
you may or may not know I recently had
to switch so we are going to unbox and
have a quick look if this battery pack
is indeed the best for the Nintendo
switch so have a quick look here shall
we we get a very cool I don't know what
you call it
popping tubes but anyway this is the Oki
Aki 3 sorry 30 thousand milliamp type-c
power bank that is absolutely insane
it's crazy
Qualcomm quick charge 3.0 certified
whatever that means as well it's not
really certified but it has qualcomm 3.0
let's go ahead and grab switch and a
back cable called again a USB type-c
cable once
all right yeah so I got the switch here
and I got a cable from I think it's same
company it is an anchor anchor TSU
type-c cable so yeah so fun fact the
switch the switches battery size would
be around four thousand milliamps so
kind of small for a handheld gaming
device what did you think so what you
need in or if you want a game on the go
is a heavy juice now you a decent
battery bank so what's special about
this battery bank or power pack whatever
you want to call it is that it has this
devil card what the heck is this the key
the key to success right it's a 24-month
product warranty so you got two years
for this product to go kaboom and
they'll replace it for you so you get an
instructional manual here book let
nobody read that and then you get beast
bad boy or you will go into that later
here you get ox websites telling to
visit the website where Sam and then you
get oh my goodness incredible incredible
now man who how hard is palpitating
Mountain just kidding um incredible that
they include a USB type-c mini cable
that is absolutely amazing why is that
because I don't know going back even a
couple months back you wouldn't get this
you will only get a micro USB cable now
you're getting USB type-c meaning to say
we're heading to that route to that
direction to that future that USB type-c
is the norm oh man that is so amazing
for you non tech geeks out there USB
type-c is the cable to be I mean I think
it's the universal cable because it'll
carry video data
data data audio what else power it's
this tiny cable theoretically can power
a MacBook Pro or sort not yeah sure and
that book Pro so yeah it's it's a single
cable for all your devices which is
pretty cool
a cable that can power a monitor oh man
just not power monitor but display
monitor oh man is just whoo amazing it's
amazing with a planet you know that
anyway so this is the battery quite
thick you know it's quite heavier that's
30,000 I mean what would you expect so
what I like about here is it has a
flashlight forget about that but it has
a 5 volt hold on let me let me read if I
don't miss inform you guys man I can't
man oh there you go there you go so
input input and poke input 1 is 5 volt
to 6.3 volts and an input n punk
impromptu input 2 it's 6.5 to 9 volts so
that is a Theriot so input 1 is 5 volts
to 6.3 and input 2 it's 6.3 to 9 volts
now I was hoping to go to push 12 volts
because the the switches adapter the USB
adapter to charger it goes between 5
volts to 12 sort 5 volts to 15 volts so
if it is plugged in i think it's
switching up to hand switching up it's
switching up to the 12 volts to power
the HDMI to your monitor or TV and then
the switch but in this case if you're
just going on the go just pull I believe
theoretically you just plug in the USB
type-c on the green bar or in the green
USB port and then it will power to
switch in charge to switch even while I
gaming so it has a plethora of inputs
here of including well not before but
yet have 2 inputs here including a micro
USB for you classics out there and then
the future the USB type-c
for output you have 2 outputs again
output 1 and output 2 and both of them
would provide sufficient enough amperage
3 amps on the green one 2.4 in the
orange one but that simply means is if
your device is capable of charging and
maximizing on the 3 amperage then you
could use this for fast charge if you
have iPhones then use orange if you have
you know Samsung and above use the green
and then the single power button at the
top that indicates you whether you have
enough juice green is telling you like
yay you're good
white is telling I think your Mac
because I already have iñaki but not
this kind of model and white is telling
you I think it's full battery red is uh
you're going low or end or depleted um
yeah so let's have a quick check here so
I'm going to plug in the the USB type-c
the one that I got from anchor and then
we'll plug it into the device and it'll
tell you that it is charging
so now erratically I'm not going I can't
game because Nintendo might sue me so
theoretically due to the the capability
of this battery bank don't it should
work as you can see it was working but
it should work
it should power up your device while
gaming as well and of course charges
while the devices on asleep and there
you have it so I guess a title really
really is the recommended title for this
video I guess the title is appropriate
because this is a battery bank that uses
USB type-c to input is it an input out
as well that would be very interesting
if it as an input out I kind of want to
test it let's go ahead and test it you
know what this is this video will be
extra long but let's go ahead and have a
quick look here
all right so I have an oxy here this is
a USB type-c to type see now I have not
have I'd man I'm trying to talk cool
here I don't have any gadgets that
utilizes this kind of setup this is the
first gadget if you will so this will be
this will be a very interesting setup
well I guess my MacBook can do it hey
wait no no anyways
wow this table looks pretty fancy
greater than what not all right it is my
switch goes kaboom
then Aki has to pay me so I'm going to
plug in the USB type-c over there
theoretically USB type-c is both input
and out so this should charge my device
or this should charge the Aki I don't
know no all right pressing the green
button oh and would you look at that it
is charging the device oh man
on USB type-c to type C configuration
that is pretty cool
so I'm going to title this video
whatever toilets in my head this is the
best in my humble opinion the best power
bank for the Nintendo switch has at this
moment the Aki 30,000 USB type-c power
bank thank you guys for tuning it this
is volume oh hi hope you guys enjoy that
video if you have any questions through
the GAR that it's set up and everything
here pulling down rollin answer them as
best as I can if you have any
recommendations comes at that below like
your liked this video and I'll catch you
guys the next video peace